INSTRUCTIONS: Fill out the following form and upload the form to your GITHub repository. 
Choose only one of the corresponding numbers in your answer for sections A-F.  
Answer the questions in section G in sentence form.
Please total your self-evaluation score at the bottom of the rubric.

A. Code Quality 
0 - Nothing - No submission
1 - Below Expectations - Code renders but the code is unreadable 
2 - Meets Expectations - Good formatting and uses naming conventions but can be improved
3 - Exceeds Expectations - Code is exceptionally clean and best practices are used
Your Answer: 2


B. Content 
0 - Nothing - No submission
1 - Below Expectations - Content not related to assignment or project
2 - Meets Expectations - Content is related to assignment or project and gets the point across
3 - Exceeds Expectations - Content is exceptionally detailed and well put together
Your Answer: 2


C. Layout / Organization 
0 - Nothing - No Submission
1 - Below Expectations - Long codes with no divisions or random code layout
2 - Meets Expectations - Code that is modular and divided into section declarations; subprograms
3 - Exceeds Expectations - Code is exceptionally well organized. 
Your Answer: 3


D. Comments/Commits 
0 - Nothing - No Submission
1 - Below Expectations - Excessive, unnecessary, and irrelevant remarks
2 - Meets Expectations - Comments identify authorship and code's intention
3 - Exceeds Expectations - Comments and documentation are clear succinct; wizardry points are explained
Your Answer: 3


E. Rendering 
0 - Nothing - Page does not load or render
1 - Below Expectations - Page renders, but has errors and/or has apparent design issues
2 - Meets Expectations - Page renders and produces no errors
3 - Exceeds Expectations - Page renders and displays properly for multiple screen sizes and browsers 
Your Answer: 2

F. Process
0 - Nothing - Project not attempted
1 - Below Expectations - code and documents not added to repository at correct times
2 - Meets Expectations - code published as website, milestones met
3 - Exceeds Expectations - all milestones accomplished, submissions organized, instructions carefully followed, steps thoroughly documented
Your Answer: 2

G. Self Evaluation Questions (half point each):

1. How much time did you spend on this assignment/project?

I believe I spent a cumulative 8 hours on this assignment. Much of it was on the first 1-7 pieces of content, where I am most confident of the work that I have done,
however I do feel as if I drifted off as the work continued on.

2. How difficult did you feel this project was? Easy, moderate, difficult?

It was a moderate assignment. Since the objectives are the assignment are significantly self-judged, I had difficulty wondering when the work I had done was good enough
or otherwise meeting expectations. As I mention in the following question, the most difficult part of the assignment is attempting to build the skeleton of the project
without using CSS to know how it would completely affect the layout. I did implement sections and additional semantics where I thought they would be needed, but I'm sure
there are parts that I've missed.

3. What challenges did you come across while working on this project?

The largest challenge for this project was myself. Recently, I've found myself having an utter lack of motivation and urgency this week and the week prior. I feel as if
rather than any particular challenge that this project offers, the biggest detriment to my work is myself. While I feel as if I should be concerned about how this will
impact my performance for the remainder of the semester, I at the same time do not feel as if it's as large a concern as it should be.

This may not be the sort of answer this question was expecting-- maybe it wants more of a technical response regarding the workings of the project itself, but I also
simply feel that my apathy at this point in time is truely the largest challenge to be highlighted at this juncture.

From a technical standpoint, I did find that I was unsure on what sort of 'skeleton' or structure my html would appear to have, when I had no CSS to apply to it. I had
missed a week of content I should have been able to collect the week prior, but I did collect the relevant content for my website this week, so there is a page that I would
be able to complete thusfar should styling be applied.

4. What things would you like to learn more about after having worked on this assignment?

I don't feel as if there is anything in particular that I would like to learn more of as a result of this assignment. Certainly, there would be aspects of CSS and Bootstrap
that I would like to continue to practice, but I don't feel as if those are particularily applicable to the expectations of this assignment.

Total Score: 14
